[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Great to see you guys.
So I want to talk
about a really out
of the box topic
today, Starseeds.
And it's kind of a story.
So it all started when I was--
well let me just back
up and identify myself
in case you don't know me.
I was a young attorney
on the fast track,
going to accomplish great
corporate things I thought,
when I woke up
with cancer at 25.
And I looked for solutions.
It was a gillion years ago.
I thought about things that
back then weren't known.
Well I stumbled on meditation,
journaling, energy healing.
I had an amazing remission
at the hands of a healer.
And flash forward,
I've spent the last,
I don't know, almost 40
years traveling the globe
and learning, mastering
techniques from sages
and shamans everywhere.
But along the way I've had
some very unusual experiences
that I want to talk
to you about today.
So let's go look at
Galileo for starters.
1600, he invents the telescope.
And he discovers, contrary to
what was taught at the time,
that the Earth was not
flat, not the center
of the universe like
everyone thought.
He was really
maligned by the power
of the time was the church.
And the church actually
put him under house arrest
for the rest of his life
for this heretical thinking
But just flash forward 400 years
we have the Kepler Telescope,
which has proven to us, right,
that there are lots of stars,
lots of planets, so many
that we can't count them.
And like you saw in
the movie "Gravity",
I want you to picture
what it's like out there.
It's cold, right?
And you're very alone,
floating around out there.
And then you think
you see something.
You think you see another,
an orb or a ship, OK?
And guess who did in the
Mercury Capsule in 1963?
Gordon Cooper, the reputable
scientific guy flying around
out there who radioed back
to headquarters that he was
definitely seeing something.
He said extraterrestrial,
he used the word spacecraft.
And they picked it
up in Australia,
a tracking station
picked up this craft.
But when he landed he
was instructed by NASA
not to talk about this, not to
be interviewed by the media.
And not long after, same thing
happened with Neil Armstrong.
Neil Armstrong, too,
in 1969 told NASA
that he was seeing a spacecraft.
And he said, oh my god,
they're huge, they're huge,
and they're out
there on the edge.
And when he came down they
told him the same thing.
We don't really want you to
talk about this publicly.
So how about Edgar Mitchell?
Now I'm talking
about someone who
is memorable to a lot of
you, very revered, right?
And he was so blown away
by what he saw out there
that on the way back, on
his sixth time to the Moon,
he had an expansive awakening.
He said that he knew that
the molecules of his body
and the molecules
of his spacecraft
were all connected to the stars.
So pretty revolutionary talk.
He started the Institute
of Noetic Sciences.
And when I was a young woman
that was the thing at the time,
we're there, we've
inherited what they started.
We really have here
a Conscious Life.
So here's what we
really are like, right?
Here's Earth and all
the other planets.
And now we know that there's
so much going on out there
that we can't even imagine.
You don't have to have
studied astronomy,
I certainly never have,
to get a grasp of just how
vast all of this is.
There's the Milky Way.
You know, we're a tiny, tiny,
tiny part of that, right?
So our solar system moves
at 135 miles per second.
Can you imagine, as we fly
through the sky in the Milky
Way galaxy, there are over 200
billion stars in our galaxy.
6 billion of these stars
have planetary systems
like ours, a lot of them
with water by the way.
And where there's water,
there can be life.
And there's 125 other
billion galaxies
just in our visible universe.
We don't know what's
beyond our vision.
So how in the world
do we get the idea
that we're the only
sentient beings, right?
I mean, you know, I had never
thought about it honestly.
It never crossed my mind.
I was busy drinking in college
and didn't take this class, OK?
So I knew, like, zip.
And then the first thing
that happened to me was I
started to get this ringing
in my ears, not unpleasant.
But you know, after a
few years I thought maybe
I should have it checked.
Went to the hearing
doctor and he
said, man, you're
hearing's flawless.
In fact, you hear
just like a dog.
And I knew that.
My parents used to tease me
that I could hear beyond the--
between the walls.
And I could, I really could.
I still can.
In fact my hearing just
gets better every day.
It's no longer as much fun.
Because it's so acute, you
know, that the smallest sound
like the planes here.
Have you noticed
the planes nearby?
You guys have noticed, right?
Yeah.
Me, too.
So the way I decided
after I'd had
this experience for a
few years of this ringing
and being really
curious, I decided
to make a trip to
the Akashic records.
Now I do that for people,
for people like you.
I take them to the
Akashic records.
So I myself went there
to check myself out
and met with the record keeper.
And he said the problem
isn't in your ear.
You've got an antenna.
I'm like, oh shit.
You've got an antenna
above your ear
that's picking up other
vibrations and other tones.
And it's meant to be there.
So I thought, well that explains
why I like this kind of music
so much, choral music.
I thought, well,
you know because I
find it just to be a kind
of out of body experience.
So about that time
clairvoyantly I
saw somebody that kind of
looked like him join us.
And he had these
big headphone ears.
And I thought this was
pretty interesting.
I couldn't find a really
good representation of him.
I want to tell you that
he actually is wider
as I see him than tall.
And I looked at him.
And I thought, huh.
Because when he appeared I had
this amazing visceral response
like I had just met a relative,
like somebody from my family
had just come to see me.
I mean it was deep.
It was profound.
My whole body felt it, and I
was thinking at the same time,
no wonder I'm getting so wide.
I'm related to this guy!
So he said to me, this
is where you're from.
This is Orion's Belt.
I'd never heard of it.
I wasn't familiar at all.
And he said, you're a Starseed.
So let's talk about Starseeds
and find out if you're one too.
Because I kind of
think that just about
everybody who comes to
Conscious Life Expo,
very, very strong chance is.
So I won't feel alone.
So Starseeds originate
from their soul.
Well let me back up.
A Starseed is an individual
like me and maybe like you
that's in a three dimensional
body, a human body.
But their soul came
from somewhere else.
It came from maybe another
planet, maybe a different star
system, a different galaxy,
maybe a parallel universe
or another dimension.
I'm teaching dimensions in
actually my next course.
It's really an
interesting topic.
There are many other dimensions.
So how do you know
if you're a Starseed?
Well here are some
classic signs.
Do you have recurring
dreams or visions,
ones that keep happening,
unique to you perhaps?
Do you remember the future?
That is, does an event happen
for you before it happens,
so you're literally
remembering the future?
How many people have
had that experience?
Aha, see quite a few.
Do you dream of flying?
Do you have out of body
experiences, another classic?
Does time seem flexible?
Sometimes it goes really fast.
Sometimes it drags.
That's another sign.
How about synchronicities?
Are you always seeing 11:11
on the clock or, you know,
some other bizarre thing?
That's evidence of
being a Starseed.
Changing sleep patterns.
You wake up every morning now at
3:00 and can't go back to sleep
or you sleep all day.
You can't seem to
get enough sleep.
I've had all the above.
But probably the
most telling thing
is you have this
strong desire to make
some change in the world.
You really want
things to change.
So a Starseed is not
here so much to learn
as they are to be of service.
And I want you to ask yourself
if you feel like you're
really here to serve.
Maybe you know a lot of
people are here to learn.
But maybe you're here to serve,
to be of service, because most
of the Starseeds I've
met and myself included,
we're here to help move
the people around us up
to the next level of
their consciousness.
Because we're all
needing to move up.
Some of us are even working
with the Galactic Council.
I'll get to that in a second.
But a seed, just
think about it, a seed
is something that's growing.
And that's what you
may very well be.
You may be emerging.
So I was so entranced
with what I was learning
in the Akashic records.
I came back, and decided to
learn a little about Orion.
I mean, if I'm from Orion
I want to know about it.
I don't even know
how to spell it.
So it's played a
really remarkable role
in our human history.
You may know about this
tusk, this carved tusk that
was found in West Germany
in the 70s, I think 1979.
And on this tusk is an entire
carving of the Orion stars,
entire carving.
This thing is 35,000 years old
according to anthropologists.
And then I've been
to all these places,
which I found in retrospect
to be somewhat telling.
So I've been to Mexico.
Maybe you've seen these
amazing structures in Mexico,
these two pyramids
that point directly
to the two main stars
of the Orion belt.
Likewise I've been to
the Hopi Territory.
How many people have been there
and have seen these mesas?
These mesas, they
didn't grow there.
They were made.
And they point directly to
the entire Orion collection
of stars.
And then of course there's Giza.
How many people have been there?
Oh, a lot of people.
Wow.
So there, if you're looking
at the pyramids from above,
they're perfectly aligned
with the Orion Belt.
And they're also
at the dead center
of the center of the Earth which
is a very impressive thing.
Because you'd have to have a
hugely advanced consciousness
to know where that is.
So again, you know, it's hard
to say how old those are.
So talking about the Egyptians,
their God was Osiris.
And they were positive that
Osiris had come from the stars
and was going to come back here.
So it's a redemption tale.
How many other religions
and bodies of thought
share that same belief?
Well there's Kalki for
the Hindus coming back.
The Hindus believe
Kalki's coming back.
And then there's
Maitreya for the Buddhas.
It's believed that
Maitreya is coming back
by people who follow Buddhism.
And then the Messiah
for the Jews.
The Redeemer for
the world of Islam.
And the second coming of
Christ for Christians.
Notice the similarity
between each one
of these bodies of thought.
This is pretty incredible
that every single one
of these huge major
cultures believes
that their redeemer
came from up there,
think stars, came here
to solve problems,
was with them for a while, went
back, but is going to return.
It's just too uncanny, right?
So I was so excited by
everything I was learning.
I went back.
I went back to the Akashic
records for visit number two.
And there I was shown
a movie this time.
So my Orion guide, the guy
that's wider than he is tall,
comes.
And he shows me, starts
to play this movie for me.
And I'm seeing it in
my clairvoyant vision.
And first he shows me--
the movie starts, and it's me
as an infant or perhaps just the
thought of an infant.
Maybe it's preconception.
And he shows me this picture
of this blue planet and says,
that's Earth.
And it's not like us up here
where we don't have any war.
We don't have any dissension.
We don't have any
pain or sickness.
These people down there,
they're really troubled.
And how about going
there to help out?
And he said, we'd like you to
go to the middle of the United
States.
I'm like, uh oh.
And he pointed, he said
halfway, midway to Canada,
midway into Mexico,
but mainly main focus
would be the center of the US.
And God love them,
my Orion guides.
I still haven't
moved to the Midwest.
For those of you who
love it, I honor that.
But I'm pretty sold on
this California weather.
But then he showed me Lemuria.
So let's talk about where this
information about the stars
and our history
of star ancestry,
is there any validity to it.
Yeah, I mean I'm a lawyer
for christ sake, right?
So I'm looking for some
left brain stuff here.
So I did quite a bit
of research on this.
And Lemuria, there is a
lot of evidence for it
in 18th century
scientific literature.
You have to go all the way
back to there to find it.
So if you read that
literature you'll
find that there
was a lot of talk
at the time about
an island that sunk
that had outstanding
people that were balanced
in higher consciousness.
And they relied almost
exclusively on--
they came from the
Pleiades originally.
And they were really
into crystals.
And they stored their whole
history in the crystal,
because crystals, rock, OK
can actually store memory
so they stored it all.
And when they had a prescient
knowing that their island was
going to end and was going to go
down, they were aware of that.
And so they stored all their
crystals very carefully.
Now the other body
of thought of course
is Atlantis, also
well researched,
quite a bit more
documentation on Atlantis.
You can read about it in
Plato and Thomas Moore
and other writers of the time,
18th, 19th century writers.
They talk quite a bit about
the island of Atlantis.
Also mid-continent
thing, but this time
in the Atlantic Ocean.
Now the Atlanteans,
they were very different
from the Lemurians.
The Lemurians were
peace loving, really
into community kind of people.
The Atlanteans however were
interested in high tech.
That's typical
Lemurian kind of thing.
They want to
connect with nature.
That's typical Atlantean.
They're really into metal
and stone and technology.
Well we know what
happened to them, right?
Everybody here knows.
They had a lot of wars.
They couldn't get along.
Their planet sank.
Their entire race and
culture was extinguished.
That's the kind of crystals
that the Atlanteans
inherited from the Lemurians.
That's what they used.
Look how gigantic they are.
So the Atlanteans were
supposed to guard the people
by running the crystals safely.
And instead they got on a
power trip of their own,
and they started using the
crystals to the disadvantage
of their own people.
Again their island went down.
So after all the
wars that created
the collapse of Atlantis, there
became a Galactic Federation
of Light.
So this is a big federation.
It's run by people who are
light beings like this one.
It's a real thing.
They are literally running many
universes including our own.
And they're waiting for us
to like come up to speed.
So our job here, all of us, is
to help increase consciousness.
And the way we do that is
individually, one at a time,
right?
Each of us, first of all, we
work on our own consciousness.
And then we have to help our
neighbor, help our neighbor.
So this was all very
fascinating to me, this history.
And so I went back
to the records.
But before I go to the records
I want to lead you just
on a short meditation.
I want to start to instill
the DNA opening for you
of Lemuria and Atlantis.
So you want to close your eyes.
Yes, if you've got stuff in your
lap, just put it on the floor.
So everybody kick back
and enjoy for a minute.
So focus your heart--
focus your thoughts on
your heart chakra right
in the center of your chest.
Just drop right into your heart.
Feel it opening and widening.
And opening and widening.
Just feel it expanding
and expanding.
Beautiful.
And now move your attention up
slightly to your thymus gland.
It's right at your breastbone.
You can tap on it if you
like if it helps you find it.
You want it to enlarge.
It's the seed of your
spiritual development
and your immune system.
But right now we're looking
for spiritual development.
So take your attention there
and then a little bit higher.
Let's go to the throat chakra.
Great.
And from there we're going
to go to the third eye.
Just let it open and widen.
And now to the pituitary gland
that's not far behind it.
It's really behind the
bridge of the nose.
And intending for it
to thrive and be open.
And then to your pineal gland
slightly behind the pituitary
and a little bit above.
Intending for it to
thrive and be open.
And now to the top of your
head, crown chakra, open.
Feel all that golden
light just coming in.
And now using your
intentionality
look for just above your
head a ball of white light.
And pull it down
using your intention,
down through your crown,
down through your third eye,
and your throat, and
down into your heart.
And just picture for a moment
a star ancestor, yours.
It can look like
anything you wish.
Meeting you, coming to meet you.
And take a journey with
me and your star ancestor.
And let's all head over to Peru.
We'll go over and down.
And now we're in Peru.
You're right under my
energetic umbrella.
Let's go to Lake Titicaca,
right on the edge of the lake.
And now we cease being
three dimensional
and become five dimensional so
we can go right in the water.
And as we go into the water we
come upon an underwater city.
Beautiful soft water
encompassing us,
we're now in the home
of the illuminated ones.
Just feel how safe you are here.
This is where we find the
Brotherhood of the Seven Rays.
Just know by your intentionality
you're here with me
in this fifth dimensional city.
Beautiful.
And down there we
find the golden disk,
golden disk of Meru.
So he brought it here.
The collapse of
Lemuria and Atlantis.
He stored it here for safety.
He stored it here
along with the scrolls.
So the disk and the
scrolls together
can generate your
fifth dimensional
being that you really are.
You're actually much more
possibly dimensional than that.
But we'll start with fifth.
And can empower
your intentionality.
So just drop in
and feel this disk.
It's so powerful.
It has all of the
different metals, metals
that we don't even know about
here on Earth, beyond gold, way
beyond gold.
And Lake Titicaca and this
underwater city, centuries
later the Incas
built Machu Picchu.
There they could sense
the power of the lake
and what was underwater.
And they built this using
light energy, not human energy.
So really feel that
these so-called myths
of the indigenous,
they're not myth.
They're the real truth.
What you're taught, what
I was taught in school,
is not the real truth.
The indigenous have
kept this truth for us.
So we do have continuous
visitation from the stars.
Just as they knew, we
too, we can learn this.
We can feel this.
We can become conscious of it.
All right, let's
all open our eyes.
We'll be back.
All this is pretty
trippy stuff for me.
I'm still practicing law at
this point, and I'm like,
you're kidding.
So I decided to make another
visit to the Akashic records.
And this time I went back up.
And the same guide from
the records met with me.
And he said, I want you
to go sit in this library.
So I went to this library.
It had this dome roof,
this dome ceiling.
And I'm sitting there, and all
of a sudden the dome comes off
and I'm flying through
the stratosphere
like I've got a jet pack on,
just like you can imagine,
just like you've seen
in the movies, right?
Except it felt very real.
And I'm flying past stars.
The whole thing was
really pretty exciting.
And the next thing I know,
I come upon some robots,
robot beings.
I'm like, OK.
And they had these intense eyes.
And they said to me,
you're capable of doing
what we do with our eyes.
That's what you're doing when
you're doing initiations.
So I thought, that
made sense to me.
That made sense to me.
And they took me, these robots
took me to this amazing city.
It was pretty incredible.
The buildings were really
tall, but they were all
connected like a train which
I'd never seen before, not here.
And I went all the way
down to the ground floor.
Remember, I'm being
jet packed around.
I went down to the ground
floor, and I could see
how they were all connected.
And I could see a
lot of people walking
on powered walkways that were--
I use the word people
loosely, but tons of beings
walking on these walkways.
And they took me into a
room called a librarium
where in this room you
were healed with sound.
Doesn't that make sense?
It makes perfect
sense to me, right?
That sound heals.
And that you'd go in there
to get retuned and just
get like reset, get corrected.
So they said, Deborah,
you're doing this already.
You're like a tuning fork.
And this is what you
incarnated for was
to come here to do this.
So this really reminded
me of the kind of beings
that I remember
seeing down there.
I thought I'd show you this
image because this is not
really human, very
interesting looking for sure.
And then they showed me
that there were these three
beings that have the ability
to form a view with their eyes
and that they sent this beam to
me in the form of a triangle.
And that then I shoot
this out of my eyes.
And when you're the right
person for me to hit,
it lights you up, and then
you have light to send.
Now from all my work since I've
initiated thousands and maybe
tens of thousands of
people, I don't pick you.
You pick me.
You have to be ready.
I can't make it happen for you.
You have to bring
me the raw material.
I can see it over your head.
I see a little light bulb up
there or a candle or a flame.
So then they showed
me this image.
This is the Earth with
an exoskeleton over it.
So they said the whole idea
is to activate these nodes.
And they're not just
on Earth, they're
throughout the entire
multi-universes.
And Earth evidently is like one
of the last to come on board.
We're like the slowest one
around, which I don't doubt.
Yeah.
So they're trying to get
us to activate our nodes so
that Earth will have
ears and a voice
and be able to be heard
in the entire universe.
So we're lagging a
little bit behind.
But that's why
you're here today.
That's why you're
here this weekend
is to spur this whole thing on.
So I want to talk about
Sirius for a minute, the star,
in case some of
you are from there.
You know, it's the
hottest one of the hottest
stars in the universe.
And the Dogon, do you
remember the Dogon?
You guys know about them?
A tribe from Mali
in West Africa.
And they have known
their entire time
that they came
from a race called
the Nomos that came from a
star system, from Sirius.
And they have incredible
gifts if you read about them.
They're still around.
They're pretty
amazing, and they do
healing which I've seen that
is not like anything you'll
find here on Earth.
It's clearly other worldly.
It's very star like.
And the Dogons
primitive culture knew
long before we discovered in
1970 that Saturn for example,
had rings.
They know that for
thousands of years.
Because they say that the
Nomos taught them so long ago.
So I want to do another
little meditation with you.
You can leave your
eyes open if you want.
So here is your space vehicle.
Here is your personal
space vehicle, OK?
It's this golden,
beautiful golden bubble.
I want you to feel
very safe in it.
We're going to take
just a little trip.
As we launch out and
we get far enough out,
right, we see the Milky Way.
That's how far out we are.
We can actually see it.
And we feel this huge sense
of peace and love, really
a huge sense, right?
Because you're sensing
like the astronauts,
you're sensing how
huge the universe is
and how much you're
a part of it.
You are so much a part of it.
And your star ancestor
comes back to you.
Remember the guy you met in the
meditation a minute ago, guy
or a gal or without gender.
And takes you to a
place and says to you,
this is where you're from.
Maybe it is a different
color than Earth.
Maybe the atmosphere
is a different color.
But you resonate with it.
To you it feels like home.
It may feel like the home,
the real home you come from.
And you see beings there
that you think nothing
like you've ever seen before.
But they could very well
be part of your DNA.
Absolutely.
And your star ancestor hands you
a perfect sphere of a crystal.
It's a perfect sphere.
Boy, you feel it in your hand.
You can't believe how it feels.
So powerful.
And he or she tells
you that this is you.
This is your history.
This crystal has memory in it.
It tells you where
you're really from.
You have a star ancestor.
You have some history here.
And the star beings
of the Aquarian age
are speaking to you.
They're upgrading your
genetic code right now,
right where you're sitting.
You know, it was
the Tibetan monks
that designed this
sacred geometry that
impacts you so much.
They were so gifted, clearly
had star ancestry in their DNA.
And this crystal
that you're holding,
it acts as a transformer.
It enhances your brain
function, your cellular function
of your body.
And it generates a force
field around itself
and around you, a
force field that
allows you to fire up
your intentionality,
really make things happen.
All right.
Great, you can
open your eyes now.
So maybe you're like
me and you're not--
I was not conscious of
this history of mine.
I really wasn't.
I always felt different,
weird kind of,
and had had a lot of
weird experiences.
And I want to tell
you about one of them
that way precedes my visit
to the Akashic records.
So it was about the time
I wrote my first book
"Truth Heals" which
was a tell all memoir
about my dearly beloved
dad with whom I'd
had a long history of incest.
It was very destructive
of course and very hard.
And while I was writing it
which was a long time ago,
long before it was
published I was writing it,
I decided the thing
to do was to call
my mother who I was afraid of.
And so I called her.
I couldn't do it in person.
I had to do it on the phone.
I was very disempowered.
And I was so disempowered I
was terrified of many things,
including public speaking, which
is kind of entertaining now.
But I really was.
And it was very
hard being a lawyer
being so afraid to speak.
So it was kind of
a bummer at work.
So anyway I called her.
I remember I was shaking.
And I said, you
know, I want to talk
to you about the deal with Dad.
She knew what I meant.
And she goes, oh, you know,
let's not talk about it.
It's all in the past.
Just forget about it.
But somehow just talking
to her really took the top
of the building off for me.
And I was suddenly
super empowered.
And about a week later we moved
to this amazing horse ranch.
It was just serendipitous.
We're way out in the country,
40 acres, lots of horses,
very, very rural.
And we've only been
there a couple of nights
and I wake up at midnight
and I hear this directive
that says go outside.
So I go outside by myself,
and I remember the voice
said, put the cat indoors.
So I picked the cat up,
put the cat indoors.
And the voice, you know,
I'm hearing a voice.
And the voice says walk to the
top of the the highest hill.
So I see a hill, and I haven't
walked this property yet.
It's new, and so I go and--
there's a full moon.
And so I go up to
the top of the hill.
And guess what's up there?
There's a mandala.
I was really surprised.
And I'm told to lay down
or sit down in this mandala
and look up at a
particular group of stars.
So I do.
Well I don't realize it's Orion.
Again, remember I don't
know zip about the heavens.
So anyway I do what I'm told.
And I do it every night
really for a whole summer.
And it was a pretty
interesting experience.
It was also very
tiring during the day
because I was awake all night.
But there's the
stars I'm focused on.
And the next thing I know
just after a few nights,
half a dozen nights maybe, I
start to hear these sounds.
And I feel motivated to
reproduce them, to mimic them.
So there I am out there,
laying on the ground.
I'm glad it's rural so that
the people in the white coats
don't come, you know,
put me in the wagon
and take me into town.
And I'm mimicking these sounds.
Well flash forward
after the summer I
go to see a chiropractor.
And I'm laying on this table.
I don't know the guy.
It's my very first visit.
And all of a sudden
I know I'm supposed
to make these sounds at him.
And I'm like, what the heck.
So there I am waving my
arms in the air and going.
[QUIET SCREAMING]
And he's transfixed like this.
Trust me, I never went back.
[LAUGHTER]
After that experience I
was like, how humiliating.
But I realized that I
had transformed him.
I realized that.
And within a week I
held my first workshop,
and I started doing a few people
at a time and then a few more.
And then today on a good
day I can do a whole room.
It just depends on what
you bring me, though.
You've got to bring me
the high consciousness.
But certainly person by person.
So ask yourself, where
are you in all of this?
Do you have star ancestry?
I don't think you're
here this weekend,
and for those of you
who are live streaming,
I don't think
you're watching this
unless you've got some
connection really to the stars.
I think we do.
I think we really do.
Anybody who wants
change, anybody
who feels a little different,
I think this is us.
Maybe you want this
kind of change.
Maybe you want to-- who
knows what your task is.
Maybe it's to work on
climate change or the ocean.
Maybe your task is
to be an activist
for marginalized groups, women,
children, gays, ethnicities
that are trampled on,
or pets, the wildlife.
You know, just choose your
passion, whatever it may be.
But I'm sure you have
a special task here.
Maybe it's the arts.
Maybe you're meant to change
the world through music
or writing a book or painting.
You know, which way
are you going to go?
Are you going to go
this way or that way?
I actually had what I
thought was just such
a telling dream one time.
You know what I mean?
I literally saw that
this way that way sign.
And I thought,
can't my unconscious
do better than that?
Because it seemed
kind of prosaic.
But I actually saw this.
So go deeply in
your heart right now
and really think about
how can you affect change.
I'm sure you're not happy
with the world the way it is.
I'm positive, right?
But we take that
happiness that we have,
that core you have in
you, and you spread it.
You generate it.
You send it out.
So I love this quote
from Muriel Strode.
She was an early 1900s poet.
And she says, "I will not
follow where the path may lead,
I will go where
there is no path,
and I will leave a trail."
That's what I want you to do.
That's what I'm trying
to do, you know?
Join me.
Join me in making
your own trail.
Hey, let's talk about a few
people who I'm pretty sure
are Starseeds.
You probably recognize
Nikola Tesla, right?
You know what he always said?
He said he was from Venus,
and he wasn't ashamed to.
He was ahead of me.
This is the first
time I've come public
with this little
bit of information.
But you know, a futurist, an
amazing engineer and inventor.
What about Carl Sagan?
Really, you know, he was big
on finding extraterrestrials,
right?
And he wrote the
book "Contact" which
became the movie "Contact"
which I assume you have seen.
And let's not forget
about Steve Jobs.
Let's give him credit because
we all have to be connected.
We have to be together in this.
And he's given us a real step
up with his forward thinking.
I'm sure this guy's a Starseed.
So that's me, young.
I had trouble.
I went back to the
Akashic records
because I had a lot of
trouble with some of the rules
here on Earth.
I kept falling.
I couldn't quite wrap my head
around the rules of gravity.
And I also didn't
believe in sleep.
I thought it was a
huge waste of time.
And I kind of got over
that after a while.
But here are the grids
that I saw on my last visit
to the Akashic records.
They were still
trying to show me
what it's really like, that
it's a very grid like universe.
This is the Galactic
Council as best
I can represent it for you
from the clairvoyant vision I
had of it.
A real council of real beings,
none of whom looked human.
But really running
the universes.
The universes, it's an
amazing, amazing concept.
If you go back to Genesis,
and I did a lot of Bible study
for one of the major schools
of healing that I studied in
for 10 years, I had not
really encountered much Bible
before that.
And you know, in Genesis it says
we are created in their image.
What does that mean?
Their.
Their image.
Pretty interesting, huh?
And then look at
the five root races.
DNA, it's different,
right, in each,
coming from a different place,
coming from a different planet,
coming from a different
dimension perhaps.
So why do we have these--
you know, we're
so different now.
We're so polarized.
There's so much
opposition, and you know,
I can't see your view.
You can't see my view.
It's pretty bad.
It doesn't get any
worse than it got here
in the last couple of days.
If we could just build bridges
instead of all these walls.
So that's where we have to be.
You are more enlightened.
You, personally,
are more enlightened
than a lot of people.
So you want to be counseling,
building bridges, building
bridges.
Always find a way
to see something
in common with the
other person's view,
with the other
person's lifestyle.
We have to.
We just absolutely have to.
So this is just a vision of
expanded consciousness, right?
This is a world where
we're all at peace.
This is where I came from.
This is what it was like there.
It was total peace
and total communion.
We're all working together.
We're not working in opposition.
So with that said, I'd love
to work on a few of you.
Let's see some hands in the air.
[LAUGHTER]
OK.
How about this lady
right here in front.
Leave your purse.
And let me get a few
of my grad students
up here, a couple
of my grad teachers.
Come on up.
Let's give her a big hand.
[APPLAUSE]
Hi.
Hi, hi.
What's your first name?
>> Danielle.
Oh, great eyes.
Get Badron.
And I think that's as many
as this-- maybe you two
can work right from there.
Yeah, yeah.
Just work from down
there, Christy.
I think otherwise-- and Ruth.
Well I don't think
we'll have enough.
How about right over there
so that we're not hiding,
we're not stepping on these
people in the front row.
OK.
Yeah.
Do you want anything special?
Let me just feel.
Oh!
Yeah, come on in.
You feel it?
Yeah, I do too.
[HUMMING AND MAKING SOUND]
[DEEP BREATH]
Is there another level?
There's another level.
[MAKING SOUND]
Turn her that way.
I think we got it.
Feels good.
All right, big hug.
>> Thank you.
>> You're welcome.
[APPLAUSE]
Look at-- look that way.
And then look this way.
What those steps.
Yeah, you can see the
eyes kind of light up.
All right.
Who wants to be next?
This gentleman had
his hand in the air.
Come on up Yeah, the
gentleman in the--
oh.
Uh-huh.
OK.
That wasn't an Armani
you were wearing, was it?
OK, what's your name?
>> Nicholas.
>> Oh.
As in Tesla?
Almost.
So I'm just tapping on his
thymus to see what's going on.
How's your meditation?
Strong?
Uh-huh, OK.
There's something in the way.
What is it?
Is it here?
Why don't you remove it, Badron?
[DEEP BREATHING]
>> Lisa, you want to
take a crack at this?
There's something in the way.
Which side do you want?
OK.
Don't stand right in front
of the camera though.
You can turn him if you need to.
Am I picking her up?
Is that what I'm picking up?
It's a high vibration.
I'm looking for it.
Because sometimes
it's somewhere else.
It's second chakra, isn't it?
>> Yeah.
>> It's in the way.
So we have stuff,
just to explain,
that we carry around with us.
It's our baggage.
And it gets in the way of
our spiritual development.
And sometimes it takes a
couple sessions to remove it.
In my case it took a bunch
because I was so burdened
and had so much trauma.
So don't feel bad
if, you know, you
don't like zoom up right away.
It just means that
something else
has to get out of the way
for your light to come up
your central power curve.
Because basically it starts
down here at your first chakra.
And it has to go all the
way up and out for us
to pick more of you up
up here above your head.
So it's your light that
we're bringing down.
It's you.
You are a
multidimensional being.
You have a huge
soul, far exceeding
the size of your body.
And a lot more of
it can come in.
You can integrate it into
this three dimensional body.
It has to be done slowly.
I'm careful to make sure not to
hit you with too much too soon.
Because you are dense,
and this is much lighter.
I think that's a lot for him.
I'd be inclined to stop there.
Unless you're getting
something else, are you?
No.
Yeah.
Yeah, hugs all around, you guys.
Give him a big hand.
[APPLAUSE]
That's a big opening.
It just takes a big opening.
Next?
Somebody way in the back.
How about the lady in
the like aqua color.
Yes.
It's fun stuff, isn't it?
It's very scientifically based.
It may not look like
it, but it actually is.
Hi, what's your name?
>> Christy Weed.
OK, can I get that to the back?
This thing, whatever this is.
Yeah.
Yeah, just throw it to the back.
Christy, huh?
OK, and you meditate?
>> Yes.
>> Yeah, I feel it right here.
Woo, nice.
Come on in.
Little farther back.
Lisa, get back so
you're even with her.
Yeah.
Thank you.
[DEEP BREATHING]
[HUMMING AND MAKING SOUNDS]
There it is.
And there's something there.
So we're removing something
that's in the way.
Feels like a former lifetime,
maybe like a helmet.
Helmet.
Oh, nice, huh?
Yeah.
That was in the
way of her light.
[HUMMING]
There it is.
It's just her light
I'm pulling in.
Very nice.
Give her a big hand.
[APPLAUSE]
Very nice.
Time for one question.
I know, it's all
perfectly self-explanatory
what in the heck
I'm doing up here.
Is that a question?
>> Yeah.
>> Let's hand her a mic.
>> Several months ago I was
visited by somebody that--
well it was five
of them, beings,
that said they were
my Starseed family.
>> Wow.
>> And I was wondering if you
knew what these beings were
by the look of them.
>> Come on up.
[APPLAUSE]
What's your first name?
>> Jackie Mills.
>> Well, you look normal.
[LAUGHTER]
Well I go back and forth
between mind and no mind, mind
and no mind.
That was the mind thinking.
Uh huh.
>> So they had--
>> Let's get this to the back.
What'd they look like?
>> They had--
>> Here, let's put
this up higher.
>> Light faces, all light, and
they had almost dark cloaks.
I'm hearing Pleiadian.
That's what I'm hearing.
Do you have any
connection with that?
>> I definitely know
I'm from Lemuria.
>> From Lemuria.
OK, let's check.
Let's check her out.
Come on in, you guys.
Two minutes.
No pressure.
[LAUGHTER]
Meditation?
>> My own visualizations
and gratitudes.
>> She said her own
visualizations and gratitude.
We'll see if that's a big enough
platform for us to set this on.
Because your Starseed
heritage is here.
I just need a pretty
good sized platform
to bring it into so
she doesn't lose it.
And like I said, I'm
very cautious about this.
I don't bring it in
too soon for you.
Because then you might lose it.
>> What does that mean, lose it?
>> The expansion can go down.
And once you've expanded,
if it does go down,
it's a little
harder to retrieve.
That's why I'm so careful.
Soon but not today.
That's what I'm being told.
Big hug.
>> Thank you so much.
>> You're very welcome.
[APPLAUSE]
Let's all join hands.
Let's all stand and join
hands and be really connected,
not just with each other,
but with our Starseed family,
our star ancestors.
It's been great to be
with you guys today.
I've just have had
an amazing time.
So let's do three oms huh?
[MAKING SOUNDS]
Wonderful being with you all.
Until I see you
again, take care.
[APPLAUSE]